MOH 
OUTSTANDING: 
Ellie Xu had exceeded significantly on all expectations. She delivered a high quality work in a short time. She went above and beyond with all assignments. Always performed exceptionally and had significantly contributed to the organization through her works. She was able to solve complex code independently in a short period of time and even improved to a more efficient algorithms. This was reflected when she was given tasks to convert codes in VB to Python to format hundreds of Excel reports to a format we defined. She was also helping resolving defects on Python script to modify reports in Excel format to comply with AODA guidelines. She was able to perform the tasks without any helps considering the complexity of the codes. Previous students I worked with demonstrated the struggles in understanding and completing the task but Ellie managed to resolve issues we could not in the past.


COMMENTS: 
It is such a pleasure working with Ellie. Great attitude always. She is technically very strong and very bright student. She completed her works in a short period of time with high quality results. She could understand lengthy of complex code at no times. She is very thorough and details. I wish I can work with her again.


limeTAC
OUSTANDING: 
Ellie demonstrated exceptional creative problem-solving skills that surprised and impressed me on multiple occasions. When presented with a task, she was always able to quickly come up with a variety of solutions. She displayed this ability throughout the term on the various projects she worked on. Ellie had also demonstrated excellent persistence throughout the term. This was reflected on multiple occasions; she impressed me when she decided that unexpected issues did not mean the end of the project, even if those issues were large enough to halt it. Overall, Ellie showed an excellent ability to creatively solve any problems she was faced with and carried with her the persistence to follow through with a task despite the obstacles.

RECOMMENDATIONS: 
I have worked closely with Ellie during her work term, she has exhibited one of the highest levels of productivity I have seen in a developer in my whole professional life. She makes sure all the deadlines meet with the highest standards. She is a hardworking and dedicated person who will complete your project in a given time frame.
I believe that Ellie would be an asset to any company that would be lucky enough to have the chance to welcome her aboard.
